CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

## Contributing to QuIC.github.io

Hi there!
We’re thrilled that you’d like to contribute to this project. Please read the following prior to forking or submitting code.

## Branching Strategy

In general, contributors should develop on branches based off of `master` and pull requests should be made against `master`.

## Submitting a pull request

1. Please read our [code of conduct](CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md) and [license](LICENSE.txt).
1. [Fork](https://github.com/quic/quic.github.io) and clone the repository.
1. Create a new branch based on `master`: `git checkout -b <my-branch-name> master`.
1. Make your changes.
1. Commit your changes using the [DCO](http://developercertificate.org/). You can attest to the DCO by commiting with the **-s** or **--signoff** options or manually adding the "Signed-off-by".
1. Push to your fork and [submit a pull request](https://github.com/quic/quic.github.io/pulls) from your branch to `master`.
1. Pat yourself on the back and wait for your pull request to be reviewed.

Here are a few things you can do that will increase the likelihood of your pull request to be accepted:

- Follow the existing style where possible.
- Write tests where applicable.
- Keep your change as focused as possible.
  If you want to make multiple independent changes, please consider submitting them as separate pull requests.
- Write a [good commit message](http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html).

Commit message:

Update outdated references to master branch
Signed-off-by: Scott Finkel <quic_sfinkel@quicinc.com>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

## Contributing to QuIC.github.io

Hi there!
We’re thrilled that you’d like to contribute to this project. Please read the following prior to forking or submitting code.

## Branching Strategy

In general, contributors should develop on branches based off of `main` and pull requests should be made against `main`.

## Submitting a pull request

1. Please read our [code of conduct](CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md) and [license](LICENSE.txt).
1. [Fork](https://github.com/quic/quic.github.io) and clone the repository.
1. Create a new branch based on `main`: `git checkout -b <my-branch-name> main`.
1. Make your changes.
1. Commit your changes using the [DCO](http://developercertificate.org/). You can attest to the DCO by commiting with the **-s** or **--signoff** options or manually adding the "Signed-off-by".
1. Push to your fork and [submit a pull request](https://github.com/quic/quic.github.io/pulls) from your branch to `main`.
1. Pat yourself on the back and wait for your pull request to be reviewed.

Here are a few things you can do that will increase the likelihood of your pull request to be accepted:

- Follow the existing style where possible.
- Write tests where applicable.
- Keep your change as focused as possible.
  If you want to make multiple independent changes, please consider submitting them as separate pull requests.
- Write a [good commit message](http://tbaggery.com/2008/04/19/a-note-about-git-commit-messages.html).
